chore: release 0.38.0 (#420)
Substra/substra-documentation: docs/source/additional/release.rst

- `backend changelog <https://github.com/Substra/substra-backend/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md>`__
- `orchestrator changelog <https://github.com/Substra/orchestrator/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md>`__

Substra 0.38.0 --- 2024-06-13
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

**All**

- The release 0.38.0 focuses on improving the security and limit the rights of the differents Substra pods when deployed on a cluster. The following changes have been made:

>   - Ressources requests and limits are now set as default for the backend and frontend.

Reviewer: Did we not set default values for the orchestrator?

Author: It was already all set for the orc if I'm not mistaken

Reviewer: It seems like it was introduced in chart version [8.5.0](https://github.com/Substra/orchestrator/blob/main/charts/orchestrator/CHANGELOG.md#850---2024-04-05)

Substra 0.37.0 targets chart version [8.4.0](https://github.com/Substra/substra-documentation/blob/main/docs/source/additional/releases.yaml#L32)

Reviewer: Also I think I would reword a bit:
```suggestion
  - CPU and memory requests and limits are now provided by default for all orchestrator, backend and frontend pods.
```

Author: Ok nice catch thanks !!

  - Network policies have been added to limit the communication between the different pods.
  - Update the different base docker images of the Susbtra components and the the user's ones to limit their vulnerabilities.

> - The profiling of functions have been reworked to take into accound the ``builiding`` step and the ``download_function`` step.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The profiling of functions have been reworked to take into accound the ``building`` step and the ``download_function`` step.
```

> **Backend**

Reviewer 2: This is not only backend, but also orchestrator (or the title sounds confusing to me)

Author: ah my bad I thought it was only on backend, changed it
